biggest cultural misunderstanding was the Uruguayan’s own failure to grasp how British football has changed.
Players used to be sufficiently thick-skinned to withstand a bit of ‘verbals’.
They have to mind their language on the pitch, when players often say things they don’t really mean in the heat of battle.
In effect, footballers are under perpetual police caution; what’s said on the pitch may be used in evidence against them.
It means that footballers have to be on their guard at all times.
More significantly, footballers are increasingly inclined to report racist abuse to the FA or the police.
As I’ve argued before on spiked, the erosion of the distinction between ‘on the record’ public speech and private banter is dangerous.
I was reminded of Lionel Bart’s famous song when I heard that the Professional Footballers’ Association (PFA) wants racial abuse by footballers to be a sackable offence.
Football has seen a spate of alleged racist incidents in the past year.
But now it’s frothy coffee.
The footballers’ union has called for players to be sacked for using racial insults.
‘Once our beer was frothy.
I was reminded of Lionel Bart’s famous song when I heard that the Professional Footballers’ Association (PFA) wants racial abuse by footballers to be a sackable offence.
Football has seen a spate of alleged racist incidents in the past year.
But now it’s frothy coffee.
The footballers’ union has called for players to be sacked for using racial insults.
‘Once our beer was frothy.
really mean in the heat of battle.
In effect, footballers are under perpetual police caution; what’s said on the pitch may be used in evidence against them.
It means that footballers have to be on their guard at all times.
More significantly, footballers are increasingly inclined to report racist abuse to the FA or the police.
As I’ve argued before on spiked, the erosion of the distinction between ‘on the record’ public speech and private banter is dangerous.
I was reminded of Lionel Bart’s famous song when I heard that the Professional Footballers’ Association (PFA) wants racial abuse by footballers to be a sackable offence.
Football has seen a spate of alleged racist incidents in the past year.
But now it’s frothy coffee.
The footballers’ union has called mind their language on the pitch, when players often say things they don’t really mean in the heat of battle.
In effect, footballers are under perpetual police caution; what’s said on the pitch may be used in evidence against them.
It means that footballers have to be on their guard at all times.
More significantly, footballers are increasingly inclined to report racist abuse to the FA or the police.
As I’ve argued before on




nted a generation.
 thought crimes
The traditional unwritten sporting code whereby ‘what’s said on the pitch, stays on the pitch’ no longer holds.
Abusive language on the field of play can be picked up by pitchside microphones or, in John Terry’s case, deciphered by lipreaders.
Today’s footballers are much more easily offended and liable to complain.
We can argue the toss all day over Suarez’s lost-in-translation defence, but perhaps the biggest cultural misunderstanding was the Uruguayan’s own failure to grasp how British football has changed.
Players used to be sufficiently thick-skinned to withstand a bit of ‘verbals’.
They have to mind their language on the pitch, when players often say things they don’t really mean in the heat of battle.
In effect, footballers are under perpetual police caution; what’s said on the pitch may be used in evidence against them.
It means that footballers have to be on their guard at all times.
More significantly, footballers are increasingly inclined to report racist abuse to the FA or the police.
As I’ve argued before on spiked, the erosion of the distinction between ‘on the record’ public speech and private banter is dangerous.
I was reminded of Lionel Bart’s famous song when I heard that the Professional Footballers’ Association (PFA) wants racial abuse by footballers to be a sackable offence.
Football has seen a spate of alleged racist incidents in the past year.
But now it’s frothy coffee.
The footballers’ union has called for players to be sacked for using racial insults.
‘Once our beer was frothy.
This week, Suarez reignited the race row by describing his punishment as ‘strange and unbelievable’ and saying: ‘Without a single shred of proof, they suspended me.’
Suarez claims that there had been a cultural misunderstanding; that the word ‘negrito’ was not a racial slur in Uruguay.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter provoked a moral piety-storm in Britain when he suggested that racial abuse on the pitch should be settled with a handshake.
John Terry, the former England captain, is awaiting trial for allegedly calling Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand a ‘f**king black c**t’.
Liverpool striker Luiz Suarez was banned for eight matches for calling Manchester United’s Patrice Evra ‘negrito’.
And what’s more, his decision to invade Iraq has forever sullied ethical-cum-humanitarian intervention.
Little wonder, then, that, like the foam-pie incident last year, a self-styled radical, frustrated with Blair’s unwillingness to admit he tricked the world into invading Iraq, decided to force the issue.
Thanks to Blair, substance has been sacrificed for spin, kowtowing to the media has replaced engaging with voters, and personality has replaced politics.
baleful influence’ on public and politicians alike is blamed for the failure of a left-wing Labour Party to seize hold of the electorate’s imagination at any point in the past 30-odd years, so Blair, in his own way, is similarly scapegoated.
He is held responsible for the ruination of not only the Labour Party but party politics in general.
Hence the strange, excited response when, once more, Blair took to the political stage at the Leveson Inquiry.
This was the chance, once again, to take a good long look at this political demiurge.
as one columnist put it, the power to ‘cast evil spells’ by an isolated political and media class unable to grasp its isolation, so the significance of Blair, too, has largely been created by a political and media class unable to grasp its own part in the events of the past 15 years.
Both the images of Murdoch and Blair are misleading, of course.
Just as Murdoch has been largely invested with,
And yes, the Daily Mail is staffed (and no doubt read) by rotters.
The past bolted in from the corridor behind Lord Leveson.
Yes, media barons are so powerful it is difficult for even a prime minister to challenge them, at least not without being distracted from making Britain great again.
Gesturing and grinning like it was 1997, Blair sang from the inquiry’s hymn sheet.
Yes, there exists, he said, an ‘unhealthy’ relationship between politics and the media.
No, what really resonated was the complementary role that both Murdoch and Blair now play in the minds of leftish-thinking types.
They are seen as the sources of our current malaise, the corruptors of the body politic.
And not just because both Marbles and Lawley-Wakelin are attention-seeking prats.
‘Excuse me’, the past shouted rather reedily, ‘this man should be arrested for war crimes!’.
The appearance of the double-barrelled, single-issue David Lawley-Wakelin, from campaign group Alternative Iraq Enquiry (spelling is not his strong point, either), quickly brought to mind Jonnie Marbles’ moment in the Sun last year, when he interrupted the House of Commons select committee hearing into phone hacking to try to plant a foam pie in the face of Rupert Murdoch.
No wonder it seemed as if the commentariat had been taken over by a combination of body-language experts and nineteenth-century novelists keen to get to the bottom of Blair’s strange power.
‘If I had not lived through the Blair years, and seen the way in which newspapers were manipulated and sometimes lied to by his formidable press machine, I might have been persuaded by this suave and confident performance’,
remarked the Daily Mail’s Stephen Glover sadly.
The mask of sincerity, the garb of conviction, which Blair has worn better than any of his successors - including the current prime minister, David Cameron - refused to slip.
It was still there, concluded the Scotsman: ‘the well-rehearsed magic that captivated a nation.’
Because Blair, just as he failed to do during the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq War, refused to disclose what his critics believe to be his true essence.
He did not actually bewitch his parliamentary colleagues into voting in favour of invading Iraq in February 2003, just as he did not trick the public into electing him as prime minister three times.
There is nothing much more to Blair than meets the eye.
The reason why the construct failed to give way to the guilty conscience, why the suave and confident performance once again disguised that dark, mysterious interior, is that Blair is not actually a demiurge with an impressive range of hand gestures and verbal tropes.
Reade was more angry than regretful: ‘Lurking behind the construct are those dead bodies in Iraq.
And he can’t blame the evil press for them.’
This was Blair, ‘the seasoned thespian’,
noted the Mirror’s Brian Reade suspiciously: ‘[He was] using confident hand gestures and phrases which implied he was being open with us: “Look… the truth is… frankly… I simply say to you.”’
Here was the source of a conspiracy to deceive and manipulate, a charismatic shyster who led Britain into wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for some nebulous - no doubt, nefarious - oil-related reason.
Commentators and sketch writers proceeded to subject his every mannerism, his every gesture, to the minutest of scrutiny.
It was as if they were scouring that ‘tikka-tinged’ complexion for some semblance of what Blair was thinking, his motivations, his calculations.
He treated us to his range of expansive hand gestures (impressive, these – you can hardly see the wires).
As he breezed out for a five-minute break, he flashed a smile at the public gallery, as though they were a cluster of fans who follow him everywhere.’
observed another columnist: ‘He rolled out all the hits.
Others were equally transfixed by the apparent affectations, those oh-so painfully familiar moves with which Blair had once seduced a nation.
‘This was classic Blair’,
So there Tony ‘elder statesman’ Blair was, mugging his prime-ministerial past and thoroughly enjoying his appearance at the Leveson Inquiry into press ethics.
Against this backdrop of uncertainty and disintegration, the Etan Patz case seemed to amplify a sense of growing mistrust not just in New York but across America.
It became the crucible for every secret dread about what people were capable of.
Marriages broke apart and parents struggled to raise their children in a world that was completely alien to the one they had grown up in.
Watergate and Vietnam had a demoralising effect on civic life, but private life was just no escape.
The mass permanent entry of women into the workforce profoundly changed the family.
The first suggestion that Etan’s abduction was such a crime came in the form of a novel published by Beth Gutcheon in 1981.
Still Missing was based on the Patz case, but in Gutceon’s account, the missing boy is found in the clutches of a paedophile.
Sex crimes against children were not unknown, but were considered extremely rare.
Over time, it took the form of an obsession with child sexual abuse.
According to Paula Fass, author of Child Abduction in America, the idea that Etan had been abducted by an adult for the purposes of sexual abuse emerged only several years after his disappearance.
Her old institutions and power brokers, the unions, the police and the Democratic Party machine, were as corrupt as the city’s crumbling infrastructure.
Huge parts of the outer boroughs became wastelands of derelict buildings ravaged by crime and neglect.
The manufacturing jobs that built the city dried up.
Looking at the city today, it’s hard to imagine how different things were then, before its rise to become the de facto financial centre of the world.
In one sense, New York has always been a great city, but in the 1970s she was in decline.
But President Gerald Ford refused, inspiring the famous New York Daily News headline: ‘Ford to City: Drop Dead.’
Things weren’t much better nationally.
Bankrupt and broken, the city appealed to the federal government for help.
Nearly a million people fled.
The murder rate soared and the nation’s candidate for Greatest City in the World became its greatest embarrassment.
Over the years, the idea that Etan was the victim of a paedophile has become the standard explanation for his disappearance and the imagined motive for any child abduction after.
wns in ridiculous clothes with their prancing horses’ is because they had been subjected to ‘lifelong brainwashing about the value of the monarchy’.
This elitism-disguised-as-republicanism has a long and inglorious history.
Listening to these embarrassments-to-republicanism, you get the feeling they don’t so much want a new political system, freed from monarchism, as a new and improved masses – less stupid, less gullible, less open to being
‘brainwashed on an Orwellian scale’, as the novelist Will Self describes moronic monarchy-likers.
Monarchy-bashing has become a way of demonstrating that you are not like Them – the forelock-tugging mob – and instead can see through the garishness and ugliness of both monarchy and the mass insanity it provokes.
That is why monarchy-bashing commentators talk about themselves such a lot (
‘psycho spectacle’ of royal events.
And now the Smart Set tells us that Britons, especially the poor, or what a Mirror columnist openly referred to as
‘plebs’, are easily sucked in by the
But enjoy the Jubilee holiday, too, and trust that ‘the plebs’ know very well that it’s just a long, lazy weekend with cake rather than a sedative to make us forget about recession and reality.
Fifty Shades has a dull plot, cringey dialogue, one-dimensional characters and sexscapades involving ropes, whips, handcuffs and ‘explosive’ orgasms.
It tells the story of how Anastasia Steele, an innocent-but-smart literature graduate, gets drawn into an S&M relationship with 27-year-old multibillionaire CEO, Christian Grey.
The question of what the popularity of this saucy sensation says about our times - what it reveals about women’s desires, sexuality, gender roles - has been mulled over to an extent that the book itself doesn’t merit.
The book is more than a pop-culture talkie; it’s a phenomenon.
And it’s turning some women hot under the collar.
He is also dedicated to ending world hunger and his aversion to being touched springs from a messed-up childhood as the son of a crack whore.
When she’s not trying to control her unruly hair or quibbling with her ‘inner goddess’, Anastasia mostly flushes (109 times), blushes (39 times) and bites her lips (40 times).
He’s a piano prodigy and a wine connoisseur, has model looks, employs a butler and owns a fleet of private aircraft.
She’s a virgin; he’s got 15 ‘submissives’ under his belt.
She reads English classics, lives with a roommate and favours jeans and sneakers over dresses and high heels.
readings of it, Justin Bieber’s girlfriend has
It has also topped the New York Times bestseller list for 12 weeks and the ebook version is reportedly being downloaded once every second.
Feminists claim that a saucy trilogy of books is debasing female readers – which just goes to show how little they think of other women.
Brendan O’Neill is editor of spiked.
Visit his personal website
She has now managed to turn porn-fiction reading into a mainstream activity: Women are tweeting about Fifty Shades, joining phone-in discussions about the book’s S&M scenes, flicking through it openly in parks and reading it on their Kindles while commuting to work.
This is the erotica genre’s answer to the Millennium trilogy, and if you haven’t heard of it by now you must have been tied up in a dungeon somewhere.
Derisively dubbed ‘mommy porn’, the trilogy started as a Twilight fan-fiction book written by obscure British author EL James.
I decided to find out what all the fuss was about and downloaded my own copy of Fifty Shades of Grey before a flight.
Boy was I glad my travel companion was fast asleep minutes after take-off because reading the salacious book had me turning 50 shades of pink.
peace of the country had extended to a degree very much beyond my conception’ (8).
Yet while liberty was absent, dissent was not.
If in France and America, the republican revolution was fact, in England it existed at least as a possibility.
When Paine returned to England from America in 1787, he confronted a society in which five per cent had the vote and the economy was drained by war and trade embargoes.
Tim Black is senior writer at spiked.
No, she’s just saying ‘they’re not aware of how the Jubilee will be spun’.
In other words, they’re stupid.
Getting defensive, she continues: ‘I’m not saying people are stupid.’
noted republican says she is ‘aghast’.
No, not so much at the anti-democratic nature of the institution of monarchy, but ‘at the amount of rubbish in shops’, the Union-themed tat and buns millions of suckers are buying.
falling living standards and whatnot.
Monarchy-bashers seem to hate that institution for the same reason that the historian Thomas Macauley said Puritans hated bear-baiting - ‘not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators’.
‘magnificent pleb-pleasing distraction’, so we’re now told that the Jubilee party is an ‘orgy of deference’ designed to distract the little people from their own
The idea that the Jubilee jamboree has been sinisterly concocted to ‘distract’ plebs from the economic crisis is widespread.
Just as Will’n'Kate’s wedding last year was described by these shallow republicans as a ‘Wedding of Mass Distraction’, a
The thing that’s really winding them up is that there’s going to be a big fat Jubilee party, that people are going to eat cake, wave flags, gather by the Thames, get drunk, have larks.
The real focus of their ire is not the institution of monarchy as such, but rather the feelings they believe it provokes in a hoi polloi easily placated by bread and circuses.
Listening to the ‘republican voices’ that have been raised in criticism of the Diamond Jubilee, it seems clear that modern-day anti-monarchists have all the killjoy miserabilism of the (caricatured) Puritans, but with none of their revolutionary spirit.
Abolish the monarchy, but enjoy the party!
It is entirely possible to be both a republican and an indulger in this long, lazy weekend with cake.
says the ‘message from on high’ is that we should all just par-tay and forget about ‘increasing inequality and its accompanying social problems’.
Apparently this Queen-cheering shindig is designed to make us ‘clap our hands, smile and applaud’.
That is, the powers-that-be have successfully duped and doped us with this knees-up, taking our little minds off pressing issues like the recession.
moans that Britons - ‘even the poor’ - ‘are happily buying Union Jack plastic cups and bunting, getting ready for the biggest party ever’.
Apparently, we all unthinkingly ‘accept the exceptionalism and favouritism’ of the monarchy, proving that ‘the political strategy of [having] great royal circuses is working’.
Politicians, medical experts and campaigners have been at pains to convince us that getting fat will kill us and that allowing our children to get fat is tantamount to child abuse.
Parents have been threatened with the removal of their children because of weight issues.
The really big change has been the obsession with obesity.
Film stars were pretty damn good looking in decades past, too, even though they represented ideals we could never live up to.
Boys’ comics of my era (late Seventies/early Eighties) always featured adverts for Charles especially, would free will be a burden?’.
The real problem is that when women who have the luxury to exercise free will actually make use of it, their choices are often deemed unpalatable to other women who have a limited idea of what constitutes appropriate behaviour for ladies.
The suggestion that women who read and enjoy Fifty Shades are debasing themselves, that they can’t cope with equality and don’t realise what’s good for them, is condescending and anti-feminist.
No, the freedom to read crappy novels or to fantasise about being tied to a bed post is not what feminists went to the barricades for.
Those are personal proclivities rather than matters of political struggle.
‘It’s very mean to pick on someone because they are fat’, said our deputy headmaster, nervously, as he ‘had a chat’ about ‘an incident’ with the gathered male company of forms 2H and 2S at Blessed Humphrey Middlemore comprehensive school.
‘When girls get older, their bodies start to change, they develop breasts and hips.
The state-sanctioned bullying of fat people
Nathalie Rothschild is an international correspondent for spiked.
Visit her personal website
Those Danish cartoonists should not have done what they did, he says, because there is apparently widespread ‘Islamophobia’ in Europe.
Likewise, Murray should apparently have borne in mind that, ‘There is the right to freedom of expression and there is the right to dignity’, said Jordan.
Instead of a debate about the artistic value of Murray’s portrait, we have a discussion about whether it is offensive to black people and, if it is, should it have been painted and exhibited at all? Likening it to the Danish Muhammad cartoons incident, Pallo Jordan, a leading member of the ANC, said that although he supports freedom of expression as laid down in the SA constitution, and the idea that an artist has the right to paint whatever he wants, artists still need to consider the context in which they are working; they must take account of the climate and the sensitivities of various people when deciding what kind of works to produce.
Its political point is too obvious - too direct and vitriolic.
The painting reminds me of Banksy’s street art – obviously designed to elicit a knowing sneer about those in authority.
City Limits is now openly calling for dialogue with the ANC, to discuss where the boundaries should be drawn in relation to art and freedom of expression.
For me, it is even more important to defend artistic expression and free speech when they cause offence and make people feel uncomfortable.
Mandy Rosseau, international editor of City Press, said the paper would think seriously about removing a photo of Murray’s portrait from its website – it has now done that, in the name of reducing tensions in SA.
He compared it to the recent banning of the song ‘Shoot the Boer’, traditionally sung by the ANC’s Youth League, which would not have caused much outcry in the years of the struggle against Apartheid but which was now considered an affront to the minority white community.
The racialisation of this debate has led to much defensiveness among those who would normally oppose censorship.
Mantashe said the battle lines had been drawn between those who supported freedom of expression without limits and those who supported racial dignity.
Barend La Grand, one of the (white) defacers of the painting, said that prior to the ANC statement and court action, he had had no problem with the painting.
This action led to the defacing of the painting by two protesters and a public protest outside the gallery, which was egged on by ANC spokespeople, notably Gwede Mantashe, ANC secretary general, who said the painting was rude, crude, disrespectful and racist.
But then, Murray gave an interview to a journalist at the City Press newspaper, which also published the portrait in its pages, and there followed an outcry from the ANC, which demanded that the painting be removed on the grounds that it was offensive to people of African descent.
When the gallery refused, a court edict was issued, to try to force a removal.
The highly racialised debate in South Africa means the painting has not been judged on its aesthetic value.
Those few who have commented on the aesthetics, such as Mary Corigall of SA’s Sunday Independent, point out that it is not necessarily good art.
He wanted blacks to know that some white people are sensitive to the feelings of the black community and do not want to cause them offence.
He liked Murray’s work and had admired the portrait.
What led him to deface the painting was his fear of black reprisals against South Africa’s minority white community, given that the painting was painted by a white artist and was being exhibited in a white-owned gallery.
Artists must be free to express their creativity and to question the norms of society without having to feel emotionally sensitive to their environment or its inhabitants.
Lots of column inches have appeared accusing them of criminal behaviour, greed and selfish arrogance for enriching themselves at the expense of others, particularly small investors.
Yet most of the outcry (and the lawsuits that appear to be lining up faster than the large investors appeared to divest their Facebook stock) is more like an infantile hissy fit by those prevented from playing the game according to their rules.
The post-IPO discussion has centred upon whether Facebook, its founders and early investors, as well as the companies that underwrote the IPO, misled investors.
Yet in all the discussion about Facebook’s initial public offering (IPO), two points really stand out.
First, Facebook and its founder Mark Zuckerberg are now seen as morally suspect for apparently misleading the world and reaping such large rewards at the expense of small ‘Mom and Pop’ investors.
(To be fair on this point, counter signals were equally strong: Ford endorsed Facebook as an advertising destination, while David Eastman, CEO of ad agency JWT North America, also gave it very strong backing for the same reason.)
Yet with all the signals, buyers continued to salivate.
The warning bells still did not ring loud enough when General Motors, the third largest advertiser in the US, shut down its Facebook budget (about $10million), saying that those ads were simply not doing enough to sell automobiles.
When Facebook, directed by its early investors, senior management and its underwriters, led by Morgan Stanley, whipped up enthusiasm for the offering and increased the share price to $38, which would have valued Facebook at around $100 billion – a valuation which is 103 times the profits it made in the 12 months through to the end of March 2012 – very few stepped back.
Even Facebook’s earlier warning that it had a problem with monetising advertising on mobile platforms could not stir the scepticism of those fighting to get their noses in the trough.
By trying to prevent the public from seeing the painting and deciding for themselves if it has any value, the ANC is treating us like children who need to be protected from unsavoury images.
That is demeaning to everyone in South Africa.
Of course, critics of Murray’s portrait have equal freedom to say what they want about the painting, to mock it or ridicule it or say it is rubbish.
There can be no limits to this process, no moral or legal pressure on artists to take into consideration how whites or blacks or anyone might feel about their work.
Otherwise we will end up with a situation where South Africa’s old, tyrannical system of political censorship, most frequently used against the ANC and its supporters, will be rehabilitated in PC, ‘anti-racist’ terms, with the ostensible aim of ‘keeping the peace’ and ensuring that neither the minority nor majority community ever feels offended.
We live in strange times indeed.
You could say we’re living in some sort of twilight zone.
ESSAY: There are two ugly strains to the post-IPO Facebook-bashing: naivety about how the market works and hostility to individual ambition.
Sharmini Brookes is a freelance writer currently based in Johannesburg.
Why I don’t ‘Like’ this mauling of Zuckerberg
Indeed, the painting had been hanging in Goodman for four days with few visitors and barely a murmur about its content.
A textbook example came in comments made by
Sir John Beddington, the UK government’s chief scientific adviser: ‘The future is really quite frightening.
While spiked has always been supportive of GM crops, it doesn’t help when scientists firstly overstate the case for them and secondly do so in the context of confronting one scare story with another.
royal endorsement of WWF 50 years ago through the Club of Rome’s The Limits to Growth to UN-sponsored eco-jamborees in recent decades - shows that it has been driven from the top more than by crop-trashing activists.
But even those who stand up for GM reveal problems.
GM crops are not, as some claim, essential to feeding the world.
We will be able to feed niw low society’s expectations of this technology have become.