Just a note to express my dissapointment with SEARS.
7 years ago my wife and I purchased a new washer and dryer from SEARS (Sun Valley Concord Ca.)I have renewed the service warrant with SEARS every year for these products.
Unfortunately, we had to contact your service department to service our washing machine on the 16th of this month.
It is a shame to see a company that was once the envy of the world turn into an incompetent mess.
Both parts we ordered were not correct and were infact what we told them NO THAT IS NOT WHAAT WE NEED IT IS THIS.
After waiting on hold 10 minutes and being treated as if they couldnt be bothered I came to the conclusion that I will purchase ALL MY APPLIANCES, TOOLS, LAWNMOWERS AND HOME GOODS FROM ANYWHERE BUT SEARS.
I used to love Sears, however your company is run so poorly now that it is almost 
They keep doing business like this and They will be the next big box store to go under and it wouldn't bother me a bit.
By the way maybe they could get people on the phone who speak Engilsh.
I called to return it and they said as long as I installed the part they would not return it.
I can't believe they are still in business.
Orderd a part from sears parts direct.
The part was not the part causing the problem.
When they send you wrong parts after you give them the correct information they charge you 20% for the incompetence of their employee.
IF God forbid you dont get a chance to look at the part and make the repair as we did for our lawnmower before a 90 day period you cannot get anything back.
We ordered a part during the winter and placed it on top of the mower for spring repair.
Parts can now only be ordered through an 800 number where you deal with someone who barely speaks English and knows far less than you do about what you need.
I don't think I have aver been so angry.
Good luck to ya Sears.
Sears Customer Service has gone by the way side.
I am writing this while on hold (that is IGNORE) with Sears Customer service.
The first representative (Francis) was unhelpful.
I asked to speak with her supervisor.
Briggs and Stratton upon calling has even VERIFIED to me that a CARBUREUTOR is INDEED part of an ENGINE.
I renently had a lawn mower sent off for warranty repai work.
I waitided two weeks , and was contacted by Sears about it.
They said that my carbureutor was the problem - and get this- WASN'T COVERED BECAUSE IT IS NOT PART OF THE ENGINE !!!
I have probably dropped more than 20 grand with Sears over course of more than three decades.
generally a pretty easy going kind of guy and try to cut people a lot of slack including in corporate bureaucracies where line flunkies are purposely abused by management as shields from having to take personal responsibility for bad policy.
But as of today I cease being a customer of this particular corporate vampire.
I have remodeled my home using a variety of products from Sears (including major appliances) over the years with only one unsatisfactory service experience.
I have been on hold for 15 minutes so far a
In college my very first (revolving) charge card was from Sears.
A few years later I got my first credit card (Diners Club) through Sears.
I called sears the day of delivery.
I did - twice - manufacturer Grand Basket company told me to e-mail.
In the mean time I have called sears customer service twice.
It was delivered 5/28/11 we put the furniture together and the loveseat was damaged.
My shopping days at SEARS are a thing of the past.
I will share my experience with all, I will not endorse SEARS and I will encourage others to shop elsewhere.
I purchased the Ty Pennington Mayfield outdoor furniture set.
I have told friends to stay as far away from purchasing from Sears as they can.
As years ago a customer meant something to this company, but no longer do they have any customer loyalty.
Sad I used to purchase quite a bit from them, but now I am going to cancel my card and shop at lowes or home depot.
I will not pay for this on my sears charge until this is resolved and I probably will never order from sears again.
Both times they were going to contact Grand Basket and get back to me - nothing yet.
Contacted on-line services for a return or replacement.
Told me the system was down and they would get an e-mail over to me asap.
I will never again step foot in a sears store nor will my friends and family who have been buying products for many yrs.
I rated Sears with one star because they do not have a lower number for rating.
From ordering my stove top to having it delivered has been nothing short of a NIGHTMARE.
I will never make a purchase from Sears again.
this is not my 1st encounter with Sears of their PISS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE,from the sales reps to the call center to their so called managers,not to mention their automated phone system etc.

Made a service call appt.
I purchased a garage door and opener from Sears 1 1/2 years ago.
I had Sear install both the door and opener.
Last week I opened my garage door and a piece of the door was pulled off by the garage door opener.
I need someone to get on the phone and resolve my issue.
Sidewalks full of GUM your shoes stick to the sidewalk, going in to the store,clean up Entranances of gum and grime .
Having a problem with a newly purchased mattress.
Trying to get someone at the 7 different #'s I have been given and can not reach a Manger or Supervisor.
The biggest issue is that Sears call center is in India,(What ever you do don't support the economy in the U.S. where your profits come from) and the few call center agents they do have in the U.S are complete idiots.
I went on vacation in my car and found my brakes were failing.
I went to the nearest Sears Auto shop.
They installed front and back brakes.
It would have saddened me but it would have warned me to STAY AWAY FROM SEARS!
Basically they said, the service plan I purchased apply for 90 days; that they are unaffiliated with their outlet stores and if I have a customer service dispute it is with that store.
Oh, and by the way, they apologize but they have no interest in doing anything for quality customer service or customer retention.
I am sorry I didn't find this website before making my purchase.
We managed to pull the car over just as the wheel fell off.
All the lugs fell off within 30 feet.
The wheel had not been put back on tightly.
Then we begain to loose control of the steering.
I drove home from vacation three hours at high speed.
No problem, three days after I got the new brakes we left again on a road trip.
Two hours into driving the steering started to shake.
(20 minutes on hoat should never have left the store.
(Kudos to the tech for his honesty!
The only satisfactory exchage I had in the whole sorry transaction.)
I went to the store manager and he said he would be happy to refund my money and he would see if he could get another (dinged) of the same model.
If you do do not buy warrenty, you will get better service any other place.
G to PC Richard or Best buy.
Sears customer service for repairs is horrible.
I have never been more disattisfied with a company for customer service , the lack of concern is unbelievable.
Then I am told they will not come to install for 3 days after that.Keep in mind I am making this short.
This is after numerous calls to some very rude people.
The technicians need to be trained on how to diagnose a problem.
I asked for a repairmen to be sent out, they insisted on sending out another delivery crew.
After the second delivery crew looked at it and determined they could do nothing to help.(I told Sear this was the case in advance.)
I had to call and schedule a service call, the service tech came out and was unable to fix it.
There was a bigger problem with the freezer door, it was warped and did not align front to back with the other door.
I had an appointment, they cancelled it, did not communicate abou the cancellation, my husband took off, does not get paid and on and on and on.I will never use Sears service again.
I purchased a refrigerator from sears, the first installers did not finish the install, they delivered it, hooked up the water line and left.
They did not level the fridge, align the doors.
I'm on my third Kenmore Express Microwave.
The first failure Sears service kept it for a week, when I picked it up it was scratched badly and then failed within a month.
We did get Sears (Concord Mall, De.) to agree to replace it with a new one.
What happened to Sears (Sears/Kenmore).
We could all have died in that car, due to the lack of a Sears mechanic that forgot to finish the job.
We managed to go back on the highway and pick up all but one lug nut and put the wheel back on and make it to a garage.
I will be filling a complaint with Sears.
I was told new part was ordered as emergency order.
It has not arriveed and I spent hlf the day trying to get info of when it would come.
I was finally told that it would be another week and part was never ordered as emergency order.
I was told wrong part ordered.
I am a long time Sears customer and the quality of both their products and customer service have dropped noticeably.
The technician came after I made several complaints to get them there before a week.
They ordered a part and again I had to make numerous calls to get someone back in a week after part came.
This company needs to be put of business!!
item less then a year old, sent out for repair!
Sears wants us to send product back out for repair again.
Now I have to take another half day of work because your company decided to not fix my range and offered a 25 gift card for my troubles.
The tech chose to ignore all of his obligations today.
I was told the earliest anyone would be here is Monday between 1 and 5.
So first I lost half a day of work to be here for the appointment the tech decided he didn't need to work.
Service technician showed up on time looked at oven and said the unit was not heating.
Sop he had to order parts and someone would be back on following Friday but half hour before the schedule time to reschedule for the following week.
When the technician showed up the following week and installed the new parts it didn't work.
Whin I called the service number I was that I would be put on the watch list in case a technician finished a job early he would come early then July 12th date, for 1-5 time period fair enough.
Sears said they will not replace the item or refund any money.
I purchased a under cabinet microwave back in 2009 with the a 3 year warranty contract.
The microwave has been functioning okay until end of June of this year.
The first contact I received was from Sears at 1:40 P.M. Letting me know the technician was running late and my window would be after 5:00 P.M. Next, at approximately 5:30 P.M.
I was contacted by Sears once again, telling me the technician would be here between 6:30 & 7:00 P.M.
At 6:29 P.M., Carl, the technician called and left me a voice mail message stating he needed driving directions to our house since it is not on "ALL" GPS systems.
We were told on July 14, 2011 that the earliest appointment would be today between 1:00 & 5:00 P.M.
The gas stove top actually works, thankfully, but we were forced to use our new home warranty.
After several failed attempts to correct the issue, we were instructed to contact Sears repair department by our warranty company.
This is where we stand today July 21, 2011.
I then called the tech a total of 15 more times before 7.
At exactly 7 the tech picked up the phone and hung up.
I contacted the sub contract company to speak with a supervisor and I was informed no one would be out today because I missed my appt.
I explained that I returned the call and the tech has not called me back.
I called and left a message at 6:32P.M. leaving him a message to please rerun my call so I could give exact directions.
It is now 7:47 P.M., and he has yet to contact me back.
I received a call from the sub- contractor dispatch, stating the tech was trying to get in touch with me.
I was outraged by his tone and the fact that he LIED!!!I find it difficult to believe that NO one KNOWS who is the VP of sears as well as a department that wants to take the time out to address the issues!!!!
1st of all it is rare that I am so disgusted that I actually take my time to send an email to complain, that being said this is my 3rd in 46 years.
That would mean that I was so disgusted that I am taking my valuable time on a friday ice to address my compliant.
I find it a poor service when a consumer has to be transferred several times and still no resolution!
I had every intention of utilizing your business because of it's length and tradition in the business.
Yet, I received a call immediately after my first inquiry surveying customer satisfaction.
After the first call I was given a reference number and told that the service agent would be in contact with me shortly.
It has been almost two months since then and I have yet to receive a call.
To our dismay, the convection oven was not working.
The manager appologized for the delay and said it would be shipped out right away.
I continued to wait for a email confirmation and it did not come.
I called again and was told that as soon as the product was ready I would get a cofirmation that it had been sent.
Finally someone located the information and the store that had my merchandise had to go and find it in the store.
I ordered my LCD DVD TV in mid-J
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。輕輕鬆鬆打砲去，艾伊西德魯。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。家裡住釣魚台，興趣當姜太公，你要當我的魚嗎？une.
That did not happen..... Called several times to find out what had happened.
Those on the phone attempted to be helpful, but due to a lack of information in their computer system, they could not find the information that was needed.
They did not allow me to select from the TV menu or obtain new channels.
No problem I thought, I'll try a dvd, The dvd went in smoothly, a nice picture came up, but when I went to eject the dvd, nothing happen.
Now the dvd is stuck in the unit and won't come out.
I tried using the buttons on side (manual buttons).
Finally I received an email stating it had been shipped.
Finally the gift to my hubby and children was here.
I opened the box, took out the television set and set it up.
I have always trusted the company because of what it represented.
The trusted home retail store of every family.
My first television, which was a display model and never serviced, still works after 20 years.
I bought my first television set, warranty, dishwasher, and much more.
Long gone are the days when customers were loyal to companies and the companies could be trusted with providing the best service and product.
I have been a faithful consumer of the Sears Retail Store.
I buy my children clothing from there.
Or retailor are buying inferior products to save money.
Whatever the reason, my recent purchase has left little to be desired.
Deciding to branch out I thought I'd try Sears Retail Outlet online.
Perhaps manufacturing companies are no longer producing products that last.
When they joined with Kmart, I was thrilled.
I am a life long consumer of Kmart as well.
Within the last 5 years I've noticed a decline in quality merchandise at both companies.
Seems like they are trying to keep the repair man in business.
Let me tell you Kenmoore use to be a good product but I am beginning to wonder.
You call to schedule an appointment and you get India or the Phillipines.
The washer needs to be replaced however they will not they keep throwing parts at the machine.
I have a washer that has been having problems Sears has been out here now 3 times and this will make the 4th time.
You have to make the appointment on their schedule like we dont work.
They put remanufactured parts in it and the problem still exists.
I recently purchased a home with a Kenmore Pro Dual Fuel range.
Upon inspection of the range it was working fine.
We finally began moving in a few weeks ago and was excited to use this new appliance.
Sears you have probably lost my business unless you can make this correct.
This is horrible customer service.
hoice words. the doorway of Sears!
How dare you treat people in such a fashion!! Thank goodness I caught on before any (real) harm was done.
Sedwick refuse to pay dodge for the work they did and dodge will not give me my car back so i have no car thats 700.00 plus dollars to put my car back together not to mention the 600.00 for rental car I started paying once they denied my claim the first time on 4/27/11 not sure how much a short block assemble(bottom of engine)cause.
so I spoke with Eric at dodge and Nicole at sedwick on the phone Nicole told Eric what to do and what they are looking for.
Eric did what she asked and the 2nd adjustor denied the claim again.
I have made several calls to the corporate office and nothing has happen.
service call charge had to be paid whether I had the repair done or not.
The recording quoted a $65.00 service call charge.
By the way, we called a local repair service who came out that very afternoon, charged $40.00 for the call, told my husband the repair was simple, gave him the part # and told him how to fix it.
I just want my dryer repaired!! Then it was explained to me that the $125.00
I called to make an appointment to have my dryer repaired.
After several minutes "communicating" with your extremely annoying recording system, I was put in touch with an actual human being!(only because the appointment they wanted me to take was not convenient for me) I know it's the reps job to play 20 questions and become very forceful about having my washer inspected at the same time.
The more I declined, the louder and faster she talked....NO!!
my daughter took my car in for an oil change at sears in matteson il 3/20/11 she picked the car up the same day.
on 3/30/11 on her way home from work that night around 11pm the car decreased in acceleration, started to make a loud noise and proceeded to smoke.she
called me upset and scared I asked how close was she to home.
This incident follows on the heels of a recent lousy delivery and installation experience from a treadmill we purchased through Sears (which worked for a month and then we had to wait for 6 weeks before it was repaired).
They yelled at us and left the washer and dryer in the middle of the floor and departed!
We finished the job ourselves with the help of one of our tenants!
We have NEVER been treated with such DISDAIN and DISRESPECT.
On 4/2/11 I got a call from the mgr Brian who told me what was wrong with my car that they found the oil plug missing and he put a claim in and i should find a place to take it to check the engine cause sears doesn't do engine work.The insurance company sedwick called the next week and Nicole who i was dealing with told me to take the car in so I took it to a dodge dealer since the car is a dodge, dodge recommeded replacing the short block assembly.
The insurance comp denied the claim saying the problem wasn't from the oil but from normal wear and tear.
I didn't agree with that cause i have spoken with a couple of mechanics just asked what would happen if you drive a car for 10 days with the oil plug missing they look at me crazy and say you are going to have engine problems.
my daughter had to go to work that day so ross rented her a car i dropped her off at sears and ross took her to enterprise and told her they had to clean under the hood and do some work under the hood and that there may have been a leak that made the oil drain from the car.
when she told me I told her to take the car back to the auto center and I will pick her up there and I will bring the keys back to sears the next day cause the auto center was closed.
I took the keys at 8am the next morning the asst.
mgr ross new the car from when my daughter brought it in for the oil change.
They ended up selling me a package deal of a oil change, tune up,blade change, plugs and then the tire.
I was waiting and PATTY was spoke with the manager.
The lady manager came and explained to of the policy.
But what I will mouth to mouth in the business community and neighborhood community that this SEARS B-02523 is discrimination against race instead helping customer the Sale lady was disgrace and aggravated again customer.
She also said the manager was at lunch and the store manager was not available.
ewksbury, Massachusetts, on May 23,2011 at Approximately 1:45PM, I went there to return some cloths with the Sears perspective receipt.
At that point, I spoke with one of the sale.
She was serving me to process the return.
Negative Experience with Sears that I would l
ike to invite your attention
We should not let the young generation to note the discrimination in American spirit as of today we stand and united, we should stand united and support and influent our child to stand for and support our constitution.
Kindly investigate this matter and I will fully cooperation with you all the ways.
Dear Sir or Madam:
I then asked the sale lady to speak with the manager just to confirm the correct information before I have to travel to Nashua, NH Sears Store.
She then developed and rude manner and aggravating then said in extremely Hight tone that" Are you calling me lier", I then said I did not say a word, you say all of this to yourself.
I then asked for her name then She response in high tone" No, I don't have to give you my name".
I felt that I bought it from SEARS Store and in previous case I had returned something with official SEARS Store receipt without trouble and plus I felt that I had travel a long way just to return the items that not fit for my brother.
She scanned the tag of the cloth and pant and told me that the item cannot be accept because her store has not carry the such merchandise.
At that point I asked her to confirm .
She then said yes can't be accept because store
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。輕輕鬆鬆打砲去，艾伊西德魯。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。家裡住釣魚台，興趣當姜太公，你要當我的魚嗎？ don't carry these items.
It again has broken down less that one year since it's last repairs.
I was going to buy a stove and refrigerator from Sears.
I want the lemon replaced or at least 2/3 of my money back.
by a professionial that will not even deal with Sears warranties because they cannot get their money.
Within one week I had to have the tires and the battery repaired which at first I was told " Not covered under warranty" The service man was nice and did fix the machine.
However later that summer I again had to have it repaired and low and behold "Not covered".
This lawn tractor has been repaired at least once a year if not twice.
Calling corporate changed my opinion of Sears and I would definately consider purchasing from them again in the future after talking to a corporate employee and having my issue resolved
Early April I e-mailed Sears,they didn't respond.
Then I called to make an apt for an oil change and a flat tire.
Appreciated the level of professionalism, courtesy and ethical business practices at the corporate level.
I am disgusted with a company that used to be honest, loyal and up front with their customers.
NIGHTMARE dealing with customer service after my oven broke just after a year.
No shows with the repair guy, no callbacks when I was told 48 hours(muliple times) Called the corporate office and all was resolved in a matter of minutes.
The repair service center is completely lacking.
I purchased a Samsung refrigerator in Jan 2011 and it abruptly stopped working on May 21, 2011.
I called the repair center to schedule a repair and was given the date of Tuesday May 24, between the hours of 1 and 5 (4 days...not acceptable).