 would not return it.
I can't believe they are still in business.
Orderd a part from sears parts direct.
The part was not the part causing the problem.
When they send you wrong parts after you give them the correct information they charge you 20% for the incompetence of their employee.
IF God forbid you dont get a chance to look at the part and make the repair as we did for our lawnmower before a 90 day period you cannot get anything back.
We ordered a part during the winter and placed it on top of the mower for spring repair.
Parts can now only be ordered through an 800 number where you deal with someone who barely speaks English and knows far less than you do about what you need.
I don't think I have aver been so angry.
Good luck to ya Sears.
Sears Customer Service has gone by the way side.
I am writing this while on hold (that is IGNORE) with Sears Customer service.
The first representative (Francis) was unhelpful.
I asked to speak with her supervisor.
Briggs and Stratton upon calling has even VERIFIED to me that a CARBUREUTOR is INDEED part of an ENGINE.
I renently had a lawn mower sent off for warranty repai work.
I waitided two weeks , and was contacted by Sears about it.
They said that my carbureutor was the problem - and get this- WASN'T COVERED BECAUSE IT IS NOT PART OF THE ENGINE !!!
I have probably dropped more than 20 grand with Sears over course of more than three decades.
ally a pretty easy going kind of guy and try to cut people a lot of slack including in corporate bureaucracies where line flunkies are purposely abused by management as shields from having to take personal responsibility for bad policy.
But as of today I cease being a customer of this particular corporate vampire.
I have remodeled my home using a variety of products from Sears (including major appliances) over the years with only one unsatisfactory service experience.
I have been on hold for 15 minutes 
In college my very first (revolving) charge card was from Sears.
A few years later I got my first credit card (Diners Club) through Sears.
I called sears the day of delivery.
I did - twice - manufacturer Grand Basket company told me to e-mail.
In the mean time I have called sears customer service twice.
It was delivered 5/28/11 we put the furniture together and the loveseat was damaged.
My shopping days at SEARS are a thing of the past.
I will share my experience with all, I will not endorse SEARS and I will encourage others to shop elsewhere.
I purchased the Ty Pennington Mayfield outdoor furniture set.
I have told friends to stay as far away from purchasing from Sears as they can.
As years ago a customer meant something to this company, but no longer do they have any customer loyalty.
Sad I used to purchase quite a bit from them, but now I am going to cancel my card and shop at lowes or home depot.
I will not pay for this on my sears charge until this is resolved and I probably will never order from sears again.
Both times they were going to contact Grand Basket and get back to me - nothing yet.
Contacted on-line services for a return or replacement.
Told me the system was down and they would get an e-mail over to me asap.
I will never again step foot in a sears store nor will my friends and family who have been buying products for many yrs.
I rated Sears with one star because they do not have a lower number for rating.
From ordering my stove top to having it delivered has been nothing short of a NIGHTMARE.
I will never make a purchase from Sears again.
this is not my 1st encounter with Sears of their PISS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE,from the sales reps to the call center to their so called managers,not to mention their automated phone system etc.
at this point I think they should replace the mower not repair.
But forget making a customer happy & keep their business.
I will never buy anything from them not even a piece of bubble gum from Sears ever again!
I called them, made an appointment, and they were a no show.
Called them for another appointment, and they were supposed to come on 6/17.
I got an automated voice mail saying that they were running behind in traffic.
The next day, we had the same problem - no ice.
Our business purchased this appliance about a year ago.
The ice maker is not working, so sears repair was calling about 3 weeks ago.
Someone came easily and said there was a plastic piece that was stuck in it.
just bought a freezer from sears on sunday and had a delivery scheduled for monday & had trouble from the min they got there not doing things they are supposed to do Automatically which they never did.
Not to mention that they damaged my unit putting dents and scratchs on it.
And called custumer service to get some help but all I got was the run around over and over with no one helping me.
SEARS should be ashamed of itself for bullying customers.
By the way, we were initially promised an extended 3 year warranty on the washer/dryer because it took 4 months to deliver the replacements and they later said that because I filed a BBB complaint, the warranty would not be extended.
Once you file a BBB complaint, any previous promises are off the table and you are at the mercy of the one person from Sears assigned to your case.
They offer a pretty crappy take it or leave it deal and they tell the BBB that they did whatever they could to help the customer.
I bought a Snapper push mower/electric start a little over a year ago.I paid close to 600 dollars including their so called extended warranty!
The mower starts to smoke really bad malfunctioning as well.
Took it to be repaired only to have the idiots @ the repair center put an air filter & send it back to me! well, Hello........problem not fixed smoked worse than ever started shooting black oil all over the place & motor blows!
The corperate office need to get back to the foundation of any good business customer service and helping the people.
So I had to contact he corperate office and talk to a Excuative direct to get my issues solved, but even talking to them they just did every thing in there power not to compensate me for the trouble I had with every thing and for all the time I wasted on them.
And the only thing the executive said if the unit was damaged real bad they would replace it free of charge but the unti had to have more then just a small dent and scratch.
I have delt with Sears before and had better service then this but every since they restructured taking on the likes of kmart lands ends, orchard supply hardware, and mygofer every thing took a turn for the worse and the custumers and suffering.
Because I lost my temper in my emotional state when I was stranded with a sick car so far away from home they now refuse to even talk to me.
While I deserve the consequences of my words, Sears should not have sent a customer away with assurance that the car was fine when it was not.
Since November 2010 Sears has been out several times to fix the tv.
The techs assured me that my car was safe to take on a 500 mile trip but when I got to my destination the Sears store there discovered the tires were bad and I had a bent rim.
The Sears Auto store in Frederick Maryland was awesome for many years until two weeks ago.
In attempts to fix the vibration my car has over 50 mph they sold me new tires and tie rods.
The steering wheel even shakes.
Having been a Sears customer since my very 1st appliance purchase as a young adult I will no longer be patronizing their stores--EVER!
The repair department cannot show up on time nor fix my problem when they do the work, in addition the technician received numerous cell phone calls while supposedly fixing my dryer.
So here I am a month after my initial call and my appliance is still not working and a technician will not be out for another week!
All they do is change parts and charge you then when they can not fix the problem they jump ship!
they have charged me a total of $623.20 in parts they changed.
Guess what the tv is still doing the same thing.
I said put the old parts back into my tv and give me my money back cause you have not solved the problem.
I was told by 2 people that I would get a confirmation call the night before and I never did.
I just called, got transferred to escalation when asked to speak to a manager.
Once again, sounds like i'm talking to a person reading from a script.
By this time it was 4:55pm when our business closes at 5pm.
I called to complain and was hung up by the first representative.
I called back, and was on hold for 45 minutes, then hung up on.
When I called back for the 3rd time, I was told they were 5 minutes away.
I hope to never deal with Sears again, and I hope that no one ever has to go thru what I have.
Worst customer service ever.
BUYER BEWARE SHOULD BE EVERYBODY'S MOTTO.
I have not been able to find a manager or someone that actually understands and can do anything about my concerns.
After I tell them my entire issue, all they say is I apologize.
They told me that the tech already has come out, which they have not so complete lie.
In the midst of all this, I have sent about 5 emails to the website email, and no one has responded in 3 weeks, when the automated response says 24 hours.
Today....after more than 75 years....my family stopped doing busines with SEARS.
It's not because of the products or the service-it's because of the way they chose to do business.
I get a "New" Sears/Mastercard in the mail today and the mailer tells me my "blue" Sears card is no longer valid that I have to call and activate the "new, better, Mastercard".
Today marks the end of an era.
It is frustrating to have a washer less than 3 years old and be wagging my dirty laundry to family members to wash clothes for close to a month now.
I am just short of having it displayed on the town streets with "Do Not Buy From Sears" with lemons painted all over it.
I am shocked to see how many comments like this are on this page.
In today's economy, I can spend my money elsewhere...there are plenty of options.
I should have seen Sears declining with they allied themselves with K-Mart.
SEARS....you're losing the ethics of business.....how you did business for years.
Sears is one of the first cards I got back in the 1970's.....
The woman in customer service...who I might add was very proper but very curt, said that Sears sent me a letter with a May deadline that would 'auto'convert me if I did not repond not wanting it.
If Sears is such a part of America and 'customer friendly', why not give me the option by asking me to call if I WANTED the Mastercard or stay silent happy with the status quo.
So I chose my other option....to close my account.
My advice, buy from someplace else and save yourself the headaches of dealing with the idiots at the sears service organization and their foreign call center.
Sears has the worst Service Department.
Called and they sent me wrong parts for a NEW fridge with shelving that crashes when you put a bottle of soda on the shelf!
I will be inspecting it to make sure it is perfect before they bring it in my house.
They have continually called the alternate contact number instead of the primary contact number.
I called them today and told them if they call the alternate number one more time without trying the primary number first the only thing that is going to happen is them refunding my money.
They are schedule to bring out another fridge for exchange.
Alexander's Home
I bought all new appliances for our new home in 2008 from the local Sears retailer and had great sales service with some great discounts.
Had I known that I would have numerous service calls in less than 3 years and have to wait anywhere from 1 week to over 1 month to get my washer repaired, I would have made a different decision on who to spend $10,000 with.
I may just cancel the whole deal and send the fridge back.
Called again for a service call and they never showed up or had the courtesy to call that they weren't coming.
I'll never buy from Sears again.
As a matter of fact, I did not pay for this fridge yet on my Sears charge card.
It is very upsetting to pay additional costs for either a faulty product or installation.
They do not stand by their warranty without additional hassle.
I purchased a Meat Slicer UPC: 087877610006 on June 12, 2011 from Sears located at 1009 S Washington St, North Attleboro, Ma (store number 1033).
The first thing Sears told me is it would cost me $100 for an appointment.
There is now a 4 inch by 4 inch hole in the door.
When I called about the warranty I was transferred to five different people before getting to the correct place which is not even part of Sears, it was a insurance company that handles claims for Sears.
I still have not heard from an adjuster, but Sears has called for a service appointment.
Took the purch day gift.
When my father opened the slicer and was proceeding to use it.
He realized there was a smell to it and took the part off, as he was doing so he noticed there was grease and moldy meat left on the slicer.
I bought the meat slicer.
When purchasing this meat slicer I informed the small appliance manager on duty the box was opened.
Manager stated she would give me a 10% discount because the box was open and the book for the machine was missing.
I asked if it worked and was assured that it did.
I was put on hold every time they didn't want to deal with me for 20 minutes at least, last call i am still on hold and using cell phone to file a formal complaint with corporate office.
Repair department was rude and i could hear some one in back ground say put them on hold and start laughing.
Sears the most Dirty store.
may 23,2011 had to wait 10 days repairman never showed.Then said when i called that i had to wait another 9 days.
Great names with Sears...Craftsman,Kenmore etc---but there are too many others who compete for my dollar....and they just won this round.
A year and half washer went out.
Made a service call appt.
I purchased a garage door and opener from Sears 1 1/2 years ago.
I had Sear install both the door and opener.
Last week I opened my garage door and a piece of the door was pulled off by the garage door opener.
I need someone to get on the phone and resolve my issue.
Sidewalks full of GUM your shoes stick to the sidewalk, going in to the store,clean up Entranances of gum and grime .
Having a problem with a newly purchased mattress.
Trying to get someone at the 7 different #'s I have been given and can not reach a Manger or Supervisor.
The biggest issue is that Sears call center is in India,(What ever you do don't support the economy in the U.S. where your profits come from) and the few call center agents they do have in the U.S are complete idiots.
I went on vacation in my car and found my brakes were failing.
I went to the nearest Sears Auto shop.
They installed front and back brakes.
It would have saddened me but it would have warned me to STAY AWAY FROM SEARS!
Basically they said, the service plan I purchasely for 90 days; that they are unaffiliated with their outlet stores and if I have a customer service dispute it is with that store.
Oh, and by the way, they apologize but they have no interest in doing anything for quality customer service or customer retention.
I am sorry I didn't find this website before making my purchase.
We managed to pull the car over just as the wheel fell off.
All the lugs fell off within 30 feet.
The wheel had not been put back on tightly.
Then we begain to loose control of the steering.
I drove home from vacation three hours at high speed.
No problem, three days after I got the new brakes we left again on a road trip.
Two hours into driving the steering started to shake.
(20 minutes on hold...) But what the install have noticed is that there is a sealed system failure with the compressor and cooling loops.
The product should never have left the store.
The store obviously did not test it before delivery.
He discovered two things the install guys should have noticed: a kinked water line to the water dispenser and a severed line to the ice maker.
I purchased a refrigerator (and a service protection plan) from the Sears Appliance Outlet in Denver.
It took a couple of dproblem.
It took 5 days for a repair tech to come.
He also showed not the slightest interest in the fact that even if he got hold of a replacement it would leave me at least two weeks of being without a refrigerator due to the shoddy practices of his store.
I decided to call Sears customer service and see if they had any suggestions.
(25 minutes on hold finally spoke wi named Judson.)
He offered no concern for my inconvenience in dealing with a product that should never have left the store.
(Kudos to the tech for his honesty!
The only satisfactory exchage I had in the whole sorry transaction.)
I went to the store manager and he said he would be happy to refund my money and he would see if he could get another (dinged) of the same model.
If you do do not buy warrenty, you will get better service any other place.
G to PC Richard or Best buy.
Sears customer service for repairs is horrible.
I have never been more disattisfied with a company for customer service , the lack of concern is unbelievable.
Then I am told they will not come to install for 3 days after that.Keep in mind I am making this short.
This is after numerous calls to some very rude people.
The technicians need to be trained on how to diagnose a problem.
I asked for a repairmen to be sent out, they insisted on sending out another delivery crew.
After the second delivery crew looked at it and determined they could do nothing to help.(I told Sear this was the case in advance.)
I had to call and schedule a service call, the service tech came out and was unable to fix it.
There was a bigger problem with the freezer door, it was warped and did not align front to back with the other door.
I had an appointment, they cancelled it, did not communicate abou the cancellation, my husband took off, does not get paid and on and on and on.I will never use Sears service again.
I purchased a refrigerator from sears, the first installers did not finish the install, they delivered it, hooked up the water line and left.
They did not level the fridge, align the doors.
I'm on my third Kenmore Express Microwave.
The first failure Sears service kept it for a week, when I picked it up it was scratched badly and then failed within a month.
We did get Sears (Concord Mall, De.) to agree to replace it with a new one.
What happened to Sears (Sears/Kenmore).
We could all have died in that car, due to the lack of a Sears mechanic that forgot to finish the job.
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。輕輕鬆鬆打砲去，艾伊西德魯。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國 帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國
帶耶媽西塔裡罵王國謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。
我是黃宇謙，今年五歲。
家裡住桃園，就讀於中央大學。家裡住釣魚台，興趣當姜太公，你要當我的魚嗎？